README.md, before:

# README Generator
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/NTKonzen/README-Generator)](#license)

### Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contributors](#contributors) 
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [License](#license)

## Description ##

This is an application that dynamically generates a README.md file based on user input. I started this project because I needed a tool that helped me get past my README writers block that I get every time I sit down to write a README. The entire application is written in javascript and utilizes node and npm.   

### Installation ###

1. This project requires Node.js. If you don't have Node.js installed you can find it [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
1. Download the README-Generator-master.zip file from my [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/NTKonzen/README-Generator) and unzip it
![Screenshot of Download](./screenshots/downloadButton.png)
1. Move the unzipped folder to your preferred location in your file system
![Gif of README Generator File being relocated](./screenshots/installation1.gif)
1. Navigate to the repository in your preferred command terminal
1. Run 'npm install' to install all the dependencies in the package.json file
![Gif Example of running 'npm install'](./screenshots/installation2.gif)
1. Run 'node index.js' and follow the instructions 

### Usage

1. You will be prompted with a series of questions about yourself and your project
1. Answer each question to the best of your ability
![Gif of the program being run](./screenshots/useage.gif)
1. Your README file will be generated in the 'generated files' folder
1. A new LICENSE file will ge generated in the 'generated files' folder. Be sure to include that in your project

### Tests

* Try including or not including a semicolon at the end of the installation or test steps. Notice both do the same thing!
* Run the program twice and try a different license option each time

### Contributors

* [Nicholas Konzen](https://github.com/NTKonzen)

### Questions
If you have any questions feel free to contact me on [GitHub](https://github.com/NTKonzen) or email me at nicholaskonzen@gmail.com.

---
#### License

Copyright (c) 2020 Nicholas Konzen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added a gif example showing where the files are generated

README.md, after:

# README Generator
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/NTKonzen/README-Generator)](#license)

### Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contributors](#contributors) 
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [License](#license)

## Description ##

This is an application that dynamically generates a README.md file based on user input. I started this project because I needed a tool that helped me get past my README writers block that I get every time I sit down to write a README. The entire application is written in javascript and utilizes node and npm.   

### Installation ###

1. This project requires Node.js. If you don't have Node.js installed you can find it [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
1. Download the README-Generator-master.zip file from my [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/NTKonzen/README-Generator) and unzip it
![Screenshot of Download](./screenshots/downloadButton.png)
1. Move the unzipped folder to your preferred location in your file system
![Gif of README Generator File being relocated](./screenshots/installation1.gif)
1. Navigate to the repository in your preferred command terminal
1. Run 'npm install' to install all the dependencies in the package.json file
![Gif Example of running 'npm install'](./screenshots/installation2.gif)
1. Run 'node index.js' and follow the instructions 

### Usage

1. You will be prompted with a series of questions about yourself and your project
1. Answer each question to the best of your ability
![Gif of the program being run](./screenshots/useage.gif)
1. Your README file will be generated in the 'generated files' folder
1. A new LICENSE file will ge generated in the 'generated files' folder. Be sure to include that in your project
![Gif example of the location of the newly generated files](./screenshots.useage1.gif)

### Tests

* Try including or not including a semicolon at the end of the installation or test steps. Notice both do the same thing!
* Run the program twice and try a different license option each time

### Contributors

* [Nicholas Konzen](https://github.com/NTKonzen)

### Questions
If you have any questions feel free to contact me on [GitHub](https://github.com/NTKonzen) or email me at nicholaskonzen@gmail.com.

---
#### License

Copyright (c) 2020 Nicholas Konzen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
